1.	Explaining how to take an application from the TFS server and matching it on to the octopus server by takin the example (data-streaming-enrichment text processing console).
2.	Showing the octopus portal and searching the same application mentioned in point 1. Under the process tab we have different pipelines deploying to the same role (i.e : data-streaming-enrichment-fact).
3.	Explained different project variables running on on-prem kafka instances where all the application settings can be found in appsettings.json
4.	Pinging different servers and checking whether it’s an internal server or external and also in which region it is hosted (Chicago and Kansas City)
5.	Explained deployment targets under the infrastructure and searching with the target roles and checking which servers we are using 1for different environment (Dev, Stage, Test, Prod).
6.	Explained tickets regarding user access to several databases that we use and also showed several databases that we have on different environment. 
7.	Explained how we can save different environment username and password under the credentials tab in octopus.
8.	Explain how to update a project variable when releasing an application and also how to view the snapshot of the previous release.
9.	Explained the deploy process by changing the username, password, start mode.
10.	Showed different previous tickets like create user and SSL tasks also making some documents.
11.	Explained how to create IAM user in aws console. Which account to use and (SMG-auth) and which groups to add to certain tasks.
12.	Showed the ansible and terraform infra in the TFS Server.
13.	Explained a terraform file on how to create AWS infrastructure and user roles using IaC.
14.	Explained how to use keypass file to retrieve passwords and also how to encrypt or decrypt gpg files using password stored in the keypass for the smg360 application.
15.	Explained how an octopus deployment is triggered when any thing is committed to the github irrespective of the branch.
